Chore: Changelog for Gateway 3.8 (#7857)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/basic-auth/_changelog.md

## Changelog

### {{site.base_gateway}} 3.8.x

> * Fixed an issue where the realm field wasn't recognized for older Kong Gateway versions (earlier than 3.6.x).

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the realm field wasn't recognized for older {{site.base_gateway}} versions (earlier than 3.6.x).
```
